README.md, before:

# censusproject
Project 1 ( Census )
Project Proposal

Team Members:
Alison Litton, Charlie Martinez, Kristi Mar, Matthew Hutcherson, Minerva Banuelos
Project Scope: To find the best and worst state in the US (based on factors presented in our dataset)

Datasets:
US Census Demographic Data (2015 & 2017)

Purpose:
Our project is to determine what is the best state and worst state to live in the U.S. We will examine factors such as unemployment rates, income per capita, poverty rates, population and so on. We will use two different datasets to answer our questions. We will use the US Census Demographic Data (2015, 2017) to uncover the best/worst states. We may consider pulling other data such as school rankings, average rate of mortgage/rent, life expectancy, and crime rates. 

Hypothesis:
Going into the project we predict that the best state could be determined best by higher income per capita, shorter commute times, and lower poverty rates.
Null: The state with a higher income per capita would mean a lower poverty rate.
Alternative: Income per capita would have no effect on the state’s poverty rate. 

Project Timeline:
Data cleaning – Sun Jul 12
Analyzing the data – Mon, Tue Jul 13-14
Building visualizations – Wed Jul 15
Merging codes – Fri Jul 17
Forming the presentation – Sat Jul 18
Mock presentation – Sun Jul 19
Final presentation – Monday Jul 20


Questions:

Factors that impact the unemployed population - Matthew
Q: How does the ratio of unemployment/employment lead us to find the best/worst states?
Visual aid: Correlation Coefficient and Scatter Plot w/ Linear Regression

Higher Income Per Capita (by States) - Charlie
Q: Is there a correlation of higher Income average in the Professional sector vs other sectors.
Visual aid: Stacked Bar Graph (Stacking the professions)
Voting Age Citizen v. poverty (by State) - Kristi

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe contained outdated info

README.md, after:

# censusproject
Project 1 ( Census )
Project Proposal

Team Members:
Alison Litton, Charlie Martinez, Kristi Mar, Matthew Hutcherson, Minerva Banuelos
Project Scope: To find the best state in the US (based on factors presented in our dataset)

Datasets:
US Census Demographic Data (2015 & 2017)

Purpose:
Our project is to determine what is the best state state to live in the U.S. We will examine factors such as unemployment rates, income, poverty rates, population and so on. We will use two different datasets to answer our questions. We will use the US Census Demographic Data (2015, 2017) to uncover the best states. We may consider pulling other data such as school rankings, average rate of mortgage/rent, life expectancy, and crime rates if time allows. 

Hypothesis:
Going into the project we predict that the best state could be determined best by higher income, shorter commute times, and lower poverty rates.
Null: The state with a higher income would mean a lower poverty rate.
Alternative: Income would have no effect on the state’s poverty rate. 

(Updated information on the PowerPoint presentation)
